hey i'm dan caster calm today I'm gonna
show you a really quick and easy way to
make a screen capture of the screen I
guess um this this is only for Mac to
sit on windows sorry out of luck so um
you can do with anything so um any
picture you want or whatever so let's
say you're watching the point down
tonight you come upon this phrase frame
here and you're like I have to have that
and so you're like what do I did so
instead of googling everything you just
come to tech I so calm so you can 18
shift Apple 3 and do that when I hit
that let's try the skin listen here the
old camera thing that means took a
screencap and that took a picture
of the screen like it is now but let's
say you only wanted like around here
then you hit shift apple for and you get
this here this little I don't know if
you can see it's like a little hair on
the zoom in there's planes beautiful
face and you get this old since then so
what you're going to want to do is
Henry's it now and let's say you only
want like a wide screen shot here or not
watch mean let's do a full screen then
so you take your little mouse deal and
you just click and drag and you can see
this little deal here and um when you're
done with it whenever you get what you
wanted maybe you just want like here
here whatever you just like up and you
can hear it take the picture so let me
just close this and right now I have you
can see them on the desktop they're
called picture 12 because that's several
and look at that there's a Napoleon make
sure love because I took two and then
here's picture 14 right here so um
that's just a quick and easy way to do
it just shift Apple four and three so
for takes a picture of limited area so
like here so i just wanted this and then
three will take a whole snapshot and you
can see them appearing there as i take
see look at that it's like a little tiny
look amazing I it's like a little tiny
desk top inside my desktop imagine
possibilities here I mean they're
endless okay I'm Daniel for tech guys
were calm and this was a quick easy tip
for me and come to techyv.com for much
much more thanks bye you can even take a
picture of a picture I wonder if it's
possible I tried look at that
you